Something that a lot of people don't really realize about computer science
is just how easy it is. Yes it can be very difficult. You sometimes
have to figure out algorithms you have to figure out the best way
to put the light that comes on the screen based on the moving of
the characters, and you have to like, you have to understand that the
computer is like calculating thousands of things per second you know,
actually millions of things per second. So you have to like tweak
and optimize the things that are, that you tell the computer to do
to make it. So all that's very very difficult. However, some of computer
science is really really easy I know that some people who had
never done computers at all, can you know study for a week or two, and
then put things on the computer like web design or something. So
then based on what they learn over the next like a few weeks they can
actually make a career out of that, and that's computer science as
well. So it ranges from very easy to very hard, and lot of people think
aw, computer science is so difficult. Eh, it's as difficult as
you can make it. It's as difficult as how hard you're willing to try.